Added JSON Lint link to check for linting error. (#4135)
EddieHubCommunity/LinkFree: pages/docs/quickstart.mdx

10. Scroll to the bottom and commit new file by adding the commit message that starts `data: ` followed by your GitHub username (for example `data: SaraJaoude`)

You can skip `optional extended message`

> **NOTE:-**

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> Please use [JSON Lint](https://jsonlint.com) to check if your JSON file is `error free` before commiting your pull request.

Reviewer: We use this "style" of notes in the docs...

```suggestion
**NOTE**: Please use the online [JSON Lint](https://jsonlint.com) tool to check if your JSON file is *error free* before committing your pull request.
```
